Our project is called G-fighter. It is an action packed thriller/shooter game with, you guessed it, genies!. We have many parts to our project. These parts include the Start Screen, Selection Game, Menu, Item Shop, Minigames, and Game Levels. We'll explain each part and what we learned in this README. Let's start with our Start Screen. Our start screen consist of a rocket image in the bachground and s start button in the middle. But how did we get here? Well, Aditya and I had to watch countless youTube tutorials and series on swing. We learned about layouts, whihc was really important. Layouts to us are essentially a format you can use to place components in your JFrame. There were many differen fomrats we learned including Border Layout, Flow Layout, Grid Layout, and more. However, Aditya and I took a liking to Absolute Layout. This Layout lets you place components wherever you want with the help of coordinates and Bounds. However, since it was the start screen and we were just beginners we used a Border Layour and a Grid Bag Layout for the STart SCreen only. Everything else was in Absolute Layout. Now, how did I get the image in the back? Well, I learned about image Icons on Stack Overflow Exchange, which I hate by the way. With Image Icons, I used anan online resizer, I resized my images, and I scaled them onto my frame using a Scale.Smooth method. Next, I had to learnd how to remove the components from my screen so I could switch on to the first minigame which the user HAS TO PLAY. More importantly, how would I make the button do this? After some research, I found that Action Listeners did that job. using this, I deleted everything from the frame adn initialized the forst mini game. Here, I learned about timers an, Textboxes, JLabels, and how to color them. Using this knowledge, I created a stunning mini game for the user to enjoy and test his skill before starting the real game. I also learned how to add a minute-second format timer, which really amazed me and it added to the feels of the game and make it more retro-like. Also, music is playing in the background of all this which I forgot to mention before. Using clips, I added music to the games to make it more lively and fun. There are up 6 SFX, including music, in our entire app. After the mini game the user can press the done button and head on to our stunning Game Menu. The menu offers more minigames, it introduces an in game currency called berrieies as seen at the top right of the menu, and levels, and an ITEMP SHOP. In the item shop, I added items  that the user can buy and place as his background. SO in other owrds, the user bbuys backkgrounds for the game in my item shop. If he doesn't have eniugh money for a them, the buy button disables and he has to earn more by playing more mini games. I also learned how to implment back button in my game to get from frame frto frame or from panel to panel. Agan, I use Action Listeerrs for that. One other mini game I added was Genie Catcher. The point of the game is to be able to click on a genie image fast enough before it moves to adifferent spot. AS the ggame goes on, whihc is for 90 seconds, the imahimage gets faster and faster. I did this by seting the delay on the timer I used to be smaller and smaller. The more he clicked it, the more points he got. After the minigmaes, the user can star tto play the levels. 

Aditya's writing: I learned how to use KeyListeners and ActionListeners here in order to move sprite. By clicking on the right or left arrow keys, the sprite moves either right or left. Additionally, I also used timers to regulate the amount that each sprite moves with each click. As seen here, for every click, the sprite only moves by one new frame forward. Finally, I also used timers here in order to set the image sprite back to the original still position after 2 seconds. Now, with shooting the fireballs, I used an ArrayList of JLabels so that, when the user presses the spacebar, it adds a new JLabel fireball to the arraylist, which is then moved constantly upwards by a timer until it reaches the y = 0 point, where then it turns invisible. In addition to this, I used a delay timer so that there is a delay of 4 seconds between the user’s last shot and them being able to do their next one. Moving on, in order to move between each individual frame, the user presses ‘A’ for the right genie, ‘S’ for the middle genie, and ‘D’ for the left genie. When the user is focused on a new frame, the other frames are left unfocused, and that particular frame’s timer is activated, which tracks the ongoing changes as the game progresses. Looking up, we can see that there are genies moving by themselves from left to right, and back again, as well as through different frames. These are walking genies, and I made these by using timers to track their movement. By pressing escape, we can see the health bars for each block of enemies and the two moving genies. It also pauses the game. Now, in order to win this game, we must get two check marks. Between each level, I increased the amount of fireballs in L2, and their speed in L3.
